Location: Vienna, Austria
Venue:  Florence, Italy
Dates: July  15 - 17, 2022
Time: 10:00 - 18:00
Course Fee: Professional EUR 750 (+VAT), Student EUR 350 (+VAT) 
Places are limited to a maximum of 10 participants with limited educational places. A minimum of 4 places are required for the workshop to take place. The workshop will be cancelled should this quota not be filled by July 1st.

Lead by software developer and structural engineer Marco Pellegrino, this two day workshop will focus on methods of setting up structural systems in the parametric environment of Grasshopper. Participants will be guided through the basics of analysing and interpreting structural models, to optimisation processes and how to integrate Karamba3d into python scripts. 

This workshop is aimed towards beginner to intermediate users of Grasshopper however advanced users are also encouraged to apply. It is open to both professional and academic users.


PYTHON

Python is an increasingly popular programming language used in many fields: 3D modelling, web programming, scientific computing, artificial intelligence, etc. As a modern programming language, the language has a simple and clean syntax, making it very accessible to beginners.

Thanks to Rhino and Grasshopper’s official support of Python, you can programmatically access its powerful 3D modelling environment, including all the essential features of its advanced NURBS engine. This opens up many new exciting possibilities, such as:

    Building simple scripts/tools that automate repetitive modeling tasks, boosting efficiency
    Developing and customizing tools and workflow specific to your team's needs
    Programming advanced design algorithms that are not possible with standard out-of-the-box tools
    Using Python as a creative design tool
    Interfacing Rhino and Grasshopper with other software programs

Level 1 Rhino/Grasshopper Python Programming: Basic Course
(No knowledge of programming or scripting required, only Rhino and Grasshopper)
2-Day Course taking place on 16th and 17th January 2021
(Saturday and Sunday 09:30 - 17:30 each day, with breaks)

    Intro to Python fundamental programming concepts: variable, data, data types, conditional statements, loops, data structure
    The Python code editor in Rhino and Grasshopper
    Creating and debugging simple Rhino commands using Python, etc.
    Intro to RhinoCommon library
    Simple creation and editing of points, vectors, curves, and surfaces

Python Level 2 course: (Requires familiarity of Python programming language)

    Understanding the pros and cons of using RhinoScriptSyntax vs. RhinoCommon
    Working with RhinoCommon geometry: Curve, Mesh, Surface, BRep
    Object-oriented programming in Python
    Randomness
    Generating and editing texts
    Reading/writing files
    Working with DataTree using Python